docs: modal editor agent hosting (#47)
encord-team/encord-agents: docs/editor_agents/modal.md

# Hosting Editor Agents with Modal

[Modal][modal-docs] provides a serverless cloud for engineers and researchers who want to build compute-intensive applications without thinking about infrastructure.

> The cloud service well suited for building and hosting editor agents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cloud service is well suited for building and hosting editor agents.
```
